# BBM

Description: BBM stands for Black Businesses Matter. In our society today, the black community is one of the most disenfranchised groups and face countless barriers and obstacles, especially in the business world. Whether it is the glass ceiling that prevents black employees from reaching positions of power or the ingrained racial bias that stand in the way for black-owned businesses to reach success, it is no wonder that, even today,  the most prominent members of the business world are almost entirely white. It is with that precedent in mind that we look to launch ‘Black Businesses Matter’, or BBM for short.

<strong> Why it is Different </strong><br>
Our team has created a Google Chrome extension that, after downloaded, will give consumers alternatives for the items they are about to purchase that are instead owned by black businesses. We believe our unique value proposition is that, currently, a similar solution does not exist. There are things that bear similarity, UberEats for example. They have an entire selection dedicated to being able to pick out restaurants that are specifically Black owned so that the users of the app can offer their support. However, there doesn’t yet exist a program that offers Black owned alternatives to online shoppers that may also want to support. Through our extension, we give additional exposure to black businesses and give individuals more power and opportunity to be socially conscious consumers. So long as you have the Chrome Extension downloaded, anytime yourself, or me, or anyone is shopping on Amazon, eBay, Aliexpress, or the like, you will not only be informed of other options, they’ll be presented to you in an easily navigable manner. 

<strong> Tech Implementation </strong><br>
We have created a website as a landing page to not only promote our extension, but also for people who are curious about our cause, services, and for Black Business owners to sign up. 
This website was coded in HTML and CSS using Visual Studio, and I will just be going through some of the pages that we have. The home page is where we will talk about our cause and try to summarize our business to visitors. We wanted to really focus on the aesthetic and capturing design while also keeping it professional and feasible. Here we talk about our services, which has links to other pages of our site. We also include a part to introduce our organization to small business owners who would like to join our services in a mutually beneficial partnership to promote their business while also increasing product for our extension. After signing up their business, they will appear on the ‘our community’ page if they choose to become a verified partner (which we will be covering the logistics of that later), and this categorizes their company into either a food, apparel, or technology based company. Please note that we will also add more categories to this website as this is only a demo version. Under each category, this is where Business owners can introduce themselves and their business and really tell their story. In future versions, we hope to make this part of the site more interactive, with functions such as posts, comments and likes. The next page is a meet our team page, and as you can see, these four team members is our current team, but we are also expecting future staff members as our business grows.Our contact us page is for any business or personal inquiries, and is a page that although may not be used as much, we believe is still an essential piece to create a more interactive interface. Lastly, we have the join us page, which is the page dedicated to get people to sign up for our services. We have a section showcasing our numbers as a community, followed by a Black lives matter quote to inspire and encourage visitors to join. They can then sign up for our service (which would be the chrome extension), or as a small business owner. 
